README.md, before:

tor-download-web
================
What is tor-download-web?
-------------
tor-download-web seeks to create a simpler download site for Tor. A user should be able to download the Tor Browser Bundle with as few clicks as possible.

Who built this project?
---------------
This project was built by a collection of volunteers on the Tor Project Website Team mailing list. They are:

* William Papper
* Lance Tuller
* David Silverman

How can I help?
--------------
Join the Tor Project Website Team mailing list if you haven't already: https://lists.torproject.org/cgi-bin/mailman/listinfo/www-team

After that, you can help with issues being discussed there or issues in this repo. Contributions are always welcome.



Contribute and Earn
-------------

Donate bitcoins to this project or make commits and get tips for it. If your commit is accepted by a project maintainer and there are bitcoins on the project's balance, you will get a tip!

[![tip for next commit](http://tip4commit.com/projects/686.svg)](http://tip4commit.com/projects/686)

What is the license?
--------------------
This project is licensed under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more information.

Some code is used or modified from:

* CSSFlow by Thibaut Courouble, which is under the MIT license. See http://www.cssflow.com/mit-license for more information.

* jQuery, which is under the MIT license. See https://jquery.org/license/ for more information.

* html5shim by Remy Sharp, which is under the MIT license. See https://code.google.com/p/html5shim/ for more information.

* CSS Browser Selector by Rafael Lima, which is under a Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 Generic License. See http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/ for more information and visit the project at http://rafael.adm.br/css_browser_selector/.

Commit message:

Relicensed to CC-BY at the request of the Tor Project

README.md, after:

tor-download-web
================
What is tor-download-web?
-------------
tor-download-web seeks to create a simpler download site for Tor. A user should be able to download the Tor Browser Bundle with as few clicks as possible.

Who built this project?
---------------
This project was built by a collection of volunteers on the Tor Project Website Team mailing list. They are:

* William Papper
* Lance Tuller
* David Silverman

How can I help?
--------------
Join the Tor Project Website Team mailing list if you haven't already: https://lists.torproject.org/cgi-bin/mailman/listinfo/www-team

After that, you can help with issues being discussed there or issues in this repo. Contributions are always welcome.



Contribute and Earn
-------------

Donate bitcoins to this project or make commits and get tips for it. If your commit is accepted by a project maintainer and there are bitcoins on the project's balance, you will get a tip!

[![tip for next commit](http://tip4commit.com/projects/686.svg)](http://tip4commit.com/projects/686)

What is the license?
--------------------

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br /><span xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/InteractiveResource" property="dct:title" rel="dct:type">tor-download-web</span> by <a xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" href="https://github.com/wpapper/tor-download-web" property="cc:attributionName" rel="cc:attributionURL">William Papper, Lance Tuller, and David Silverman</a> is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License</a>.

Some code is used or modified from:

* CSSFlow by Thibaut Courouble, which is under the MIT license. See http://www.cssflow.com/mit-license for more information.

* jQuery, which is under the MIT license. See https://jquery.org/license/ for more information.

* html5shim by Remy Sharp, which is under the MIT license. See https://code.google.com/p/html5shim/ for more information.

* CSS Browser Selector by Rafael Lima, which is under a Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 Generic License. See http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/ for more information and visit the project at http://rafael.adm.br/css_browser_selector/.
